HQ Hunter fix (#4683)
widelands/widelands: doc/sphinx/source/add-ons.rst

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
A starting condition script. May define the same starting conditions for any number of tribes.

> The add-on needs to contain one or more scripts called ``<tribename>.lua`` which must follow the same conventions as the files in :ref:`data/tribes/initialization/*tribename*/starting_conditions/*.lua <lua_tribes_tribes_start_conditions>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The add-on needs to contain one or more scripts called ``<tribename>.lua`` which must follow the same conventions as the files in ``data/tribes/initialization/<tribename>/starting_conditions/*.lua`` (see :doc:lua_tribes_tribes_start_conditions).
```
